c:\users\gertj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Supermarket Simulation\SupermarketLogic\bin\Debug\SupermarketLogic.XML
c:\users\gertj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Supermarket Simulation\SupermarketLogic\bin\Debug\SupermarketLogic.dll
c:\users\gertj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Supermarket Simulation\SupermarketLogic\bin\Debug\SupermarketLogic.pdb
c:\users\gertj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Supermarket Simulation\SupermarketLogic\bin\Debug\FSharp.Core.dll
c:\users\gertj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Supermarket Simulation\SupermarketLogic\bin\Debug\System.ValueTuple.dll
c:\users\gertj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Supermarket Simulation\SupermarketLogic\bin\Debug\FSharp.Core.xml
c:\users\gertj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Supermarket Simulation\SupermarketLogic\obj\Debug\SupermarketLogic.dll
c:\users\gertj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Supermarket Simulation\SupermarketLogic\obj\Debug\SupermarketLogic.pdb
c:\users\gertj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Supermarket Simulation\SupermarketLogic\bin\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\gertj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Supermarket Simulation\SupermarketLogic\bin\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\gertj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Supermarket Simulation\SupermarketLogic\bin\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\gertj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Supermarket Simulation\SupermarketLogic\bin\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\gertj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Supermarket Simulation\SupermarketLogic\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\gertj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Supermarket Simulation\SupermarketLogic\bin\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\gertj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Supermarket Simulation\SupermarketLogic\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\gertj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Supermarket Simulation\SupermarketLogic\bin\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\gertj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Supermarket Simulation\SupermarketLogic\bin\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\gertj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Supermarket Simulation\SupermarketLogic\bin\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\gertj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Supermarket Simulation\SupermarketLogic\bin\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\gertj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Supermarket Simulation\SupermarketLogic\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\gertj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Supermarket Simulation\SupermarketLogic\bin\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\gertj\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Supermarket Simulation\SupermarketLogic\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
