c:\users\kevinpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrontEnd\FrontEnd\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\FrontEnd.exe
c:\users\kevinpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrontEnd\FrontEnd\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\FrontEnd.pdb
c:\users\kevinpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrontEnd\FrontEnd\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\kevinpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrontEnd\FrontEnd\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\kevinpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrontEnd\FrontEnd\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\kevinpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrontEnd\FrontEnd\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\kevinpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrontEnd\FrontEnd\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\kevinpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrontEnd\FrontEnd\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\kevinpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrontEnd\FrontEnd\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\kevinpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrontEnd\FrontEnd\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\kevinpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrontEnd\FrontEnd\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\kevinpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrontEnd\FrontEnd\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\kevinpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrontEnd\FrontEnd\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\kevinpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrontEnd\FrontEnd\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\kevinpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrontEnd\FrontEnd\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\kevinpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrontEnd\FrontEnd\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\kevinpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrontEnd\FrontEnd\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\kevinpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrontEnd\FrontEnd\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\kevinpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrontEnd\FrontEnd\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\kevinpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrontEnd\FrontEnd\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\kevinpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrontEnd\FrontEnd\obj\x86\Debug\FrontEnd.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\kevinpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrontEnd\FrontEnd\obj\x86\Debug\FrontEnd.exe
c:\users\kevinpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrontEnd\FrontEnd\obj\x86\Debug\FrontEnd.pdb
c:\users\kevinpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FrontEnd\FrontEnd\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\obstacle.xnb
C:\Users\KevinPC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FrontEnd\FrontEnd\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\FrontEnd.exe.config
C:\Users\KevinPC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FrontEnd\FrontEnd\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Library1.dll
C:\Users\KevinPC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FrontEnd\FrontEnd\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\FSharp.Core.dll
C:\Users\KevinPC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FrontEnd\FrontEnd\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Library1.pdb
C:\Users\KevinPC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FrontEnd\FrontEnd\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Library1.xml
C:\Users\KevinPC\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FrontEnd\FrontEnd\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\FSharp.Core.xml
